"Even they come before they go to bed, in a way, reflectively, to their day-long practices.
If they did really good practices, feel good, they are so happy. They appreciate it. Why? They're
quite good.
By the blessings of the Buddhas and all three Yule and Buddhas, Modi, Sattva, and every
enlightenment, may I do even better tomorrow.
Please, I've dedicated that melody for all the sentient beings.
As a fire, our self, not joy and appreciation, is something to our own, outside only.
Joy and appreciation, our self, and joy and appreciation to the others, but they're not good.
That joy and appreciation is what? It's free from arrogance, free from anger. That is all we know.
Again, traders are still welcoming. Therefore, even Buddha appreciates shedding to the Charisms,
and our Shari put their children.
So here, good, good. What that also and the teachings said, good means the Exhaly of Charism, what
you said spoke, is good.
Meaning level good, vocabulary level good, everything good.
So that means, meaning is good, vocabulary level is good.
Meaning is a performed teaching of the Pandya Paravada, Pandya Paravada.
That also indicates all the Pandya Paravas, six paravada practices that you really perform.
So performed level is good, and vastness level is great, because then this will bring all the
qualities, vastness of qualities, of the realization, one after another.
How wonderful, how beautiful, so good and good, good.
And then next one is the Sun.